# Wycliffe MyPD
# Terms and Conditions of Use Agreement

Thank you for visiting the Wycliffe MyPD web site (the "Site") owned and operated by Wycliffe Bible Translators, Inc. (“Wycliffe” or “we”, “us”, or “our”). This page sets out the Terms and Conditions of Use Agreement ("Terms” ) which will govern your use of the Site and compliance with these Terms is a condition to your use of the Site.

By using this Site, you agree: (1) that you have reviewed and understood our Privacy Policy and these Terms, (2) that you accept and are subject to our Privacy Policy and these Terms, and (3) that Wycliffe is permitted to use your personal information as set forth in our Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree to be bound by the Privacy Policy and these Terms, please leave this Site immediately, do not access or otherwise use any portion of the Site, and do not disclose any personal information to Wycliffe via this Site.
## Ownership and Use Of The Site
All content included on this Site (including, without limitation, text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software) (the “Site Content”), and the compilation of all such Site Content on this Site, is the property of Wycliffe or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. All software used on this Site is the property of Wycliffe or its software suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.

The Site Content may not be copied, distributed, modified, reproduced, published or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Wycliffe, except that Wycliffe grants you a limited, non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable license to use the Site to download Site Content to any single computer or mobile device for your personal use only, provided you keep intact all copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices and comply with any applicable end user license agreements. No part of any Site Content may be reproduced in any form or incorporated into any information retrieval system, electronic or mechanical, other than for your personal use (but not for resale or redistribution). Under no circumstances will you acquire any ownership rights or other interest in any Site Content, Wycliffe’s intellectual property or proprietary information by or through your use of the Site.

You agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding your use of the Site and further agree that all information inputted by you is truthful and accurate to the best of your knowledge. Use of the Site and Site Content is at the discretion of Wycliffe and Wycliffe may terminate your use of the Site at any time for any reason without prior notice to you. 

You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any name, trademarks, service marks, Site Content, or other proprietary information of Wycliffe without our express written consent.
## Intended Audience
The Site is intended for adults only. This Site is not intended for use by any children under the age of 13.
## Ministry Data and Confidentiality
This Site and the MyPD application allow you to access, use and input donor data which may include information about past, present and potential donors to Wycliffe. Per Wycliffe policy, donor information, such as, names, addresses, contact information, donation history and other financial information is considered confidential information that is solely for your use in partnership development. You are required to protect donor information and may not use it for your personal, non-work related benefit, or the personal benefit of others. Wycliffe may remove or modify data you input through the Site or in MyPD that we believe violates these Terms, our employment policies or any law, regulation, ordinance or order or directive from any governmental entity or court.  
## Trademarks 
Wycliffe Bible Translators, Wycliffe, our stylized W,  and other marks indicated on our Site are registered trademarks of Wycliffe or its subsidiaries, in the United States and other countries. Wycliffe trademarks and trade dress may not be used: (1) in connection with any product or service that is not approved or authorized by Wycliffe, (2) in any manner that is likely to cause confusion to the public, donors or among customers, or (3) in any manner that disparages or discredits Wycliffe. All other trademarks not owned by Wycliffe or its subsidiaries that may appear on this Site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Wycliffe or its subsidiaries.

## Accuracy and Integrity of Information 
Although Wycliffe attempts to ensure the integrity and accurateness of the Site, it makes no guarantees whatsoever as to the correctness or accuracy of the Site. It is possible that the Site could include typographical errors, inaccuracies or other errors, and that unauthorized additions, deletions, and alterations could be made to the Site by third parties. In the event that an inaccuracy arises, please inform Wycliffe so that it can be corrected. Information contained on the Site may be changed or updated without notice.
## Disclaimer of Warranties 
WYCLIFFE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE SITE WILL BE CORRECTED. THIS SITE, INCLUDING ANY SITE CONTENT OR OTHER INFORMATION CONTAINED WITHIN IT OR ANY SITE-RELATED SERVICE, IS PROVIDED "AS IS," WITH ALL FAULTS, WITH NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUALITY OF INFORMATION, QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND TITLE/NONINFRINGEMENT. WYCLIFFE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN, OR THE MISUSE OR MISINTERPRETATION OF, ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE. WYCLIFFE DOES NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR TIMELINESS OF THE INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE.

YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR YOUR USE OF THIS SITE, SITE-RELATED SERVICES, AND HYPERLINKED WEB SITES. CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.

WYCLIFFE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT FILES AVAILABLE FOR DOWNLOAD WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES, WORMS, TROJAN HORSES, OR OTHER DESTRUCTIVE PROGRAMMING. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR IMPLEMENTING PROCEDURES SUFFICIENT TO SATISFY YOUR NEEDS FOR DATA BACK UP AND SECURITY. YOU AGREE THAT WYCLIFFE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY COST OR DAMAGE ARISING DIRECTLY OF INDIRECTLY FROM ANY SUCH CODE. YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND OF THE INTERNET.
## Limitation of Liability Regarding Use of Site 
WYCLIFFE AND ANY THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED ON THIS SITE ARE NEITHER RESPONSIBLE NOR LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR OTHER DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE RESULTING FROM LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, LOSS OF TIME; INCONVENIENCE, OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE SITE, SITE-RELATED SERVICES, SITE CONTENT OR OTHER INFORMATION CONTAINED WITHIN THE SITE, AND/OR ANY HYPERLINKED WEB SITE, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY AND WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE, SITE CONTENT, SITE-RELATED SERVICES, AND/OR HYPERLINKED WEB SITES IS TO STOP USING THE SITE AND/OR THOSE SERVICES. CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
## Indemnity 
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Wycliffe, its partner organizations, and affiliates (together with their respective employees, volunteers, agents, directors, and officers) from and against all the liabilities, claims, damages, losses, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs) arising out of your use of this Site; your failure to use the Site; your breach or alleged breach of these Terms or the Privacy Policy; your unauthorized access to the site; and/or your breach or alleged breach of the copyright, trademark, proprietary or other rights of third parties.
## Links or Pointers to Other Sites 
Wycliffe makes no representations whatsoever about any other website that you may access through this Site. When you access a non-Wycliffe site, please understand that it is independent from Wycliffe, and that Wycliffe has no control over the content on that website. In addition, a hyperlink to a non-Wycliffe website does not mean that Wycliffe endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, or the use, of the linked site. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use or download is free of such items as viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other items of a destructive nature. If you decide to access any of the third-party sites linked to this Site, you do this entirely at your own risk.
## Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement 
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512), Wycliffe is registered with the United States Copyright Office as a Service Provider. Any notifications of claimed copyright infringement must be sent to our Copyright Agent:
**Wycliffe Bible Translator’s Inc.**
**ATTN: Office of Legal Counsel**
**11221 John Wycliffe Blvd.**
**Orlando, FL 32832**
**Telephone: (407) 852-3700**
**Email: legal@wycliffe.org**
If you are notifying Wycliffe of alleged copyright infringement, please be sure to provide the following information:  (1) a description of the copyrighted work that you allege is being infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works; (2) a description of the allegedly infringing material and information sufficient to permit Wycliffe to locate the material; (3) information reasonably sufficient to permit Wycliffe to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and/or an electronic mail address; (4) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law; and (5) a statement by you that the information in the notification is accurate and that you have the authority to enforce the copyrights that are claimed to be infringed.  
## General 
Wycliffe reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to all or part of this Site, with or without cause, and with or without notice. In the event that any of the Terms are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these Terms shall otherwise remain in full force and effect. As an employee of Wycliffe you are subject to Wycliffe’s Mediation/Arbitration Agreement as referenced in the Wycliffe USA Policy Handbook. Any dispute about the Site, Site Content, Privacy Policy or these Terms that has not been resolved by you and Wycliffe internally will be resolved in accordance with the process established in Wycliffe’s Mediation/Arbitration Agreement. This Site, the Privacy Policy, and these Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, exclusive of its choice of law rules.   These Terms and Conditions of Use Agreement constitute the entire agreement between Wycliffe and you pertaining to the subject matter hereof. In its sole discretion, Wycliffe may from time-to-time revise these Terms by updating this posting. You should, therefore, periodically visit this page to review the current Terms, so you are aware of any such revisions to which you are bound. Your continued use of this Site following posted changes of these Terms indicates your acceptance of these changes.  Certain provisions of these Terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages within this Site.
## Contacting the Site 
If you have any questions about these Terms, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact: [website@wycliffe.org](mailto:website@wycliffe.org).
